manage admin user for mongodb + use ValidateDiagFunc (#609)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: website/docs/r/cloud_project_database_mongodb_user.html.markdown

* `service_name` - (Required, Forces new resource) The id of the public cloud project. If omitted,
  the `OVH_CLOUD_PROJECT_SERVICE` environment variable is used.
* `cluster_id` - (Required, Forces new resource) Cluster ID.

> * `name` - (Required, Forces new resource) Name of the user. A user named "admin" is map with already created admin@admin user instead of create a new user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required, Forces new resource) Name of the user. A user named "admin" is mapped with already created admin@admin user instead of creating a new user.
```
